[NINA] Rein, I... I really want
to help you out more.
Do you think I could stay
and join your party?
Or...
[REIN]
Of course.
But, I'm already contracted
to all the other members,
so I'm not sure
if I'll have enough power
to contract with you, too.
[REIN]
Worth a shot.
All right, my name
is Rein Shroud.
[REIN] In establishing
this new contract,
a bond is formed between us.
An oath in our hearts
and hope in our souls.
Your power, in my hand.
Speak now, say your name.
Nina.
[exhales] Well,
the contract is sealed.
--[chuckles]
--[KANADE] Yeah!
We're beast buddies now!
I'm gonna be the best big sis
you could possibly ask for!
No way! I'm your girl!
I'll be the best big sis ever!
This is wonderful.
I've always desired a charming
and polite little sister
to call my very own!
I'm here! I guess she
is pretty cute, though.
[ALL laughing]
[BOTH]
Hey, Rein!
Stella?
Why's the captain of the knights
at the Adventurer's Guild?
We have just been discussing
a kind of collaboration
between the knights
and adventurers.
Now there's a common goal.
I came here to ask
for the guild's assistance
maintaining order,
while we help to get
things under control.
We never would've
considered an alliance before,
but with Captain Stella now
in charge of the knights,
we're more than
happy to join forces
and do our part to help out.
Yeah? That sounds
like an awesome idea.
You're way stronger together!
Sounds to me like
things are looking up.
They certainly are!
And I'm making the
former lord pay back the debts
he owes all over the city!
I can't help feeling
partly responsible
for the mess you've
got on your plate now.
Please! You've given
me back the pride and purpose
I had in the knights
when I first joined.
I can finally hold
my head up high.
And it's all
because of you, Rein.
So... Thank you.
You've made Horizon better.
Aw, shucks.
It's true! And I'm
glad you're here
because we've got a bit
of guild business with you.
Uh-oh. What kinda business?
Congratulations!
It's my pleasure to inform you
that you've officially been
promoted to a C-rank adventurer!
Isn't that exciting?
Um, Miss Natalie?
Isn't this some sort of mistake,
because I just became E-rank.
Shouldn't I be D instead of C?
Not only did you help bring
down the lord and his son,
but you also performed
another incredible feat
when you vanquished an
A-rank equivalent demon!
That deserves far more
than just a single rank-up!
So, we promoted you again.
You should be
so proud of yourselves.
The guild was really
impressed by your efforts,
and even more so when
they got recommendations
from Stella and other
adventurers.
I was just trying
to protect the city.
And there's no way I could
have done it without my party.
Hey. Would you just
accept the honor already?
I've yet to understand why
Rein's always so humble.
Right?
He really is an
amazing human being.
Isn't it nice?
Everyone is acknowledging
just how incredible you are!
I guess so.
Crazy.
Of course, the guild
will be honoring you
with a very sizable reward.
We're talking very sizable!
[chuckles] Well, then, we should
have a feast to celebrate.
What does everybody
think we should eat?
--Fish, please!
--Meat!
--Ooo, hot dogs!
I want fried tofu.
I don't believe I recall
meeting you before, little one.
Have you added another
to your party, Rein?
[REIN]
Whoops!
I must have forgotten
with everything going on.
Why don't you
introduce yourself?
Nice to meet you, ma'am.
My name is Nina.
You're so adorable!
Hold on a second.
Is she another...
...ultimate species?
Yeah. Is something wrong?
[NATALIE] Well, um, I just
don't want her to be angry
because I treated
her like a child.
I'm not. I promise.
So adorable!
[KANADE]
Let me get in there!
[TANIA]
Quit hogging her!
[SORA]
I wish to cuddle her as well!
[RUNA]
Dibs on tail cuddling!
Nina joining our party
is actually the reason
we came to the guild today.
Because of me?
[REIN]
Our room isn't big enough.
I mean, we've got
six members in our party now.
I was hoping that the guild
might have some
suggestions for us.
Ah, I see.
At this stage in your career,
I really think you should
consider buying a house.
[GROUP]
A house?
It's cost effective
because it also doubles
as headquarters for your team.
So, the guild actually
helps subsidize the cost,
and they even act as
your property agents.
It's a little something
we do in order
to keep our most
talented adventurers
from moving away from us.
Her eyes are
freaking me out right now!
Why do I get the eerie feeling
that she's trying
to trap us here?
Wow! Cool!
What do you guys think?
It sounds fantastic!
Sharing a home with you?
I don't think I could
dream of anything better!
Well, I admit it does
sound very tempting.
I mean, having a house is
tempting, not the Rein part.
Having a home base for all of
us sounds like a brilliant idea!
Yeah. Just make sure
it's worthy of my greatness!
[NINA]
Mm-hmm.
We do have a lot
of gold saved up,
and if the guild's
going to help chip in...
All right! Let's get a house!
[GIRLS]
Yay!
None of these homes
have felt right yet.
And last but
certainly not least,
we have this beautiful
little property here.
It's a gorgeous wood home
with a sizable yard,
as per Kanade
and Sora's request.
It also features ten bedrooms
with large beds,
which Tania said she wanted.
Furthermore, it also has
the kitchen and big bath
that Runa and Nina asked for!
It also happens
to come fully furnished,
and it's within your budget!
So? Do we have a deal or what?
[TANIA] Hold on. If this
property is everything
we said we wanted,
then why didn't
you show it first?
That is a very good question!
Spill the beans, lady!
What's wrong with this place?
Uh!
[ALL]
Uh...
It's not really a problem.
Just haunted.
Wait, haunted?
You mean there're
ghosts in there--
[screams]
Um, Kanade?
[KANADE]
I'm terrified of ghosts!
You've gotta be kidding me.
You're an ultimate species,
and you're actually telling me
that you're afraid of
something as silly as ghosts?
How are you
not afraid of ghosts?
They can't be hurt
by physical attacks,
and they can possess you!
There, there.
If you do not mind my asking,
precisely what kind
of haunting do the ghosts
in the manor like to perform?
The worst.
[NATALIE] They keep you
from being able to sleep
on the cool side of your pillow!
Make your bathwater freezing
as soon as you get in!
They're always swapping out
your sugar and salt!
They have a nasty habit
of sticking rotten
eggs in your shoes!
And they love
to smear leftover curry
on your freshly cleaned laundry!
It's impossible
to sell the house.
These ghosts are monsters.
See?!
Seems pretty mild.
Inconvenient but not monstrous.
[RUNA] Yeah. Certainly not bad
enough to give up on the house.
[TANIA]
I would agree, but...
No, no.
I can probably handle it.
If you guys are
all here with me,
then I won't be
afraid of the ghosts.
[REIN]
Hey! I know!
Why don't we all
investigate the house
and see if there's anything
we can figure out
about your ghost problem?
--[TANIA] Great idea.
--[RUNA] I'm definitely in!
I'd go in with you,
but I should probably
hold down the fort out here!
Good luck though!
Be safe!
[REIN]
That's weird.
All right, let's do it!
[GIRLS]
Yeah!
[chuckles]
Do you really need to
hold on to my tail like that?
[KANADE]
Yes. Yes, I do.
--[KANADE screams]
--[TANIA] Ow!
This place sure looks pretty
clean for a haunted house.
Yes. I may be wrong,
but haunted houses don't
really receive maid service.
[thumping sound]
What's that?
It isn't fairy magic:
I can tell you that much.
I believe that
it's supernatural magic.
[TINA]
Get out. Get out.
[KANADE]
The ghost! The ghost is here!
Calm down!
We can protect you!
[TINA]
Get out.
Get out now!
[screams]
Let's show this ghost
a thing about real magic.
[RUNA] One blast of purification
magic should do the trick!
[SORA]
Indeed, it should! Let's begin!
[BOTH]
Holy Circle!
[REIN]
Did it work?
Get out now.
[screams] It's alive!
If it were alive, it wouldn't
be a ghost, would it?
That should've worked,
but the ghost teleported
itself to the astral plane
just before the spell's impact.
Pretty clever trick for a ghost,
but that's not gonna stop us!
I know spells that'll still
work on the astral plane.
She's right, but the spells
would likely destroy
the house along with the spirit.
Should we still try them?
[REIN]
Is there any another way?
Get out of
my house this instant!
Get out, get out!
Get out, get out now!
You need to get out,
you hear me?
I might have an idea.
Does that spirit
actually have any means
of physically attacking us?
[TINA]
Uh-oh!
If I heard correctly,
the spirit just said, "Uh-oh."
[RUNA] I guess the ghost's
outta the sheet, isn't it?
There, there now.
Get out of here!
[screams]
[TINA]
Get out!
Get out now!
Get out, get out, get out!
Get out of my house
before I get angry!
[KANADE] I'm not afraid.
You don't scare me.
Huh?
[yells]
[gasps] That's not
supposed to be possible!
Did she actually put a scratch
on the ghost, or what?
[RUNA] Kanade's fear
has given her the power
to transcend realms, or
something like that, probably!
[TINA sobs]
[screams]
Spare me! Please spare me!
I'm begging you!
[BOTH]
Forming a Sacred Seal!
We have placed a barrier
to sever her astral
plane escape route!
You hear that ghost?
You're gonna have
to face us now!
[yowls]
No need for that anymore,
so I need you to settle down.
What's going on? Did I just
get possessed by the ghost?
Thank goodness.
All right.
Are you ready to talk?
You don't seem
to be a bad person.
I mean, spirit.
[grunts] Then, I guess
I'll have to show you that I am!
How'd you like to be possessed?
Stop!
What are you doing to me?
Can't move.
How are you doing this?
You've never met a
beast tamer, have you?
[TINA] Huh? Are you calling
me a beast or something?
[REIN]
Funny story.
Back when I was a little kid,
one of the men who
lived in my village told me
about phantom taming.
Oh, yeah? Then what?
Uh. That's pretty
much the end of it.
Why on earth would you
think that's a funny story?
That doesn't explain anything!
[GROUP]
It's never a funny story.
Huh?
[REIN]
Well.
You seem to have
a lot of personality,
which may not be true
for most ghosts,
so maybe that has
something to do with it?
Think that's it?
How should I know?
[growls]
I won't be tamed by
a little punk like you.
I am an all-powerful ghost
from the spirit world!
[REIN]
Down!
[yelping]
[TINA]
Fine, you win.
Go on and boil
me up or whatever.
Hi there. I'm Rein Shroud.
Your name?
Huh?
[REIN] It's all right.
I just wanna talk.
Uh? Ha. You're kind of a
strange li'l guy, aren't ya?
My name is Tina Holy.
I used to work as
a maid in another city,
but, well, then I sorta
died about 30 years ago.
Eventually, I ended up here.
So you haven't lived in
this house the whole time?
It's not like I'm
bound to one location.
I'm a ghost, not a prisoner.
If you don't mind,
how did you end up
becoming a ghost
in the first place?
[REIN]
That's a bit personal!
[TINA]
Uh...
I had worked for a
real sicko at that mansion,
a sadistic pervert who got
his rocks off by beating women.
Guess he went too far with me.
Cause, the next thing I knew,
I was a ghost.
Don't know why
I'm a ghost, though.
[REIN] So, what do
you plan on doing now?
Huh? Good question.
Since I can't drive you out,
I guess I should go.
Sorry about being so scary.
Huh?
Kanade, are you
still afraid of Tina?
[KANADE]
A little bit. Although,
I mean, I could
probably get used to her
if I had all you guys around.
Huh?
Yeah, now that's the spirit.
[chuckles]
[BOTH chuckle]
[REIN] That settles it.
What do you think you'd say
if we asked you to stay here
and live here with us, Tina?
Huh? Why would you ask me that?
After all the
trouble I've caused?
Actually, all the trouble
you've been causing in this home
is the only reason we can
afford a place this incredible.
Seems fair that you benefit
from our good fortune, too.
That makes sense.
But I don't understand
why you're being so nice.
Unless you're playing
a trick or something!
I know you've had
some bad experiences,
but Rein is a good person
who says what he means.
Yeah, but that
one's terrified of ghosts.
Oh, don't worry about me.
Like I said, I can get
used to you before long.
Ha! Just try your best not
to startle me all the time
by passing through
walls and stuff!
When you were working as a maid,
did you spend any time cooking?
If you did, I'd greatly
appreciate lessons!
We would all love to have ya!
But don't you dare ever let
her cook a single dish for us!
Her cooking is terrible.
It's worse than
you could imagine!
It's so nice to meet you.
You're serious.
Would you like
to live here with us?
Come on.
Yeah! That sounds great!
Great!
Everything looks
to be in order here.
Congratulations.
You are officially
proud homeowners!
Another thing.
It was a pleasure to see
your handiwork in action.
Turning a ghost into your ally?
Amazing!
Tina's the best!
She fits so perfectly
in the group.
Right now, she's
helping everyone set up
for our housewarming party!
We should head back
and help out.
Yeah!
We still have to
pick up groceries, too!
Go on then.
I can handle the rest from here.
May I just say, Horizon is
proud for you to call it home.
Home, huh?
Yeah.
I guess it is our home now!
Here you go.
[TOWNSPERSON 13H]
Thank you!
[ARIOS]
Excuse me.
Hey, Shopkeep.
How can I help-- Ah. The hero?
If you don't mind,
we're gonna need a week's
worth of rations for the party.
We're a bit short on
funds at the moment,
but surely, it's on the house.
Think of it as a donation
to the hero's party.
You're a charitable guy, right?
Aiding the hero is a sacred
promise that we all share.
God will reward you for it.
We're bound to a life of
service, will you do your part?
I'd love to help
the hero's party,
but I just simply don't
have any merchandise
that I can spare right now.
You fool.
I don't think you have a clue
who you're talking to, do you?
You're talking
to the man himself.
The one who's going to defeat
the Demon King
and save the world!
I know exactly who you guys are!
You're the group that hasn't
done anything for Horizon!
Watch yourself.
You're just a simple shopkeep.
If you don't choose
your words more carefully,
I'll have your head
on a platter!
Just stop wasting
your energy on this halfwit!
Let's find another shop and--
Yeah, good luck!
There's not a
single shop in this city
that'll contribute to
your so-called cause!
How dare you.
You insolent little--
[TOWNSPERSON 13A] You're
acting pretty high and mighty
for a hero who hid from a demon.
Trying to scam free food.
Wow, Some hero.
[TOWNSPERSON 13J]
They haven't had to work a day
in their lives.
[TOWNSPERSON 13E]
Yeah. How Pathetic.
[ARIOS yells]
[ARIOS]
Let's go.
[MINA]
But, Arios, our provisions--
We've wasted too much time
with this crap town.
[TOWNSPERSON 13G] I bet you wish
you were half as much of a hero
as that beast tamer is!
[ARIOS]
Curse you, Rein Shroud!
You will die by my hand!
I swear it!
I didn't expect all this!
I still can't believe we got
this much food for free.
This city sure has been
generous to us lately.
[KANADE] I bet everyone's
just happy to be back!
Me too.
Glad we could help 'em.
Wait! Hold on!
Huh? For what?
Welcome home!
[REIN]
Yeah, that's right.
I'm home!
[KANADE squeals]
Tina and Runa made all of this?
Sure did!
I won't lie, I don't know how it
tastes because I'm a ghost,
but we followed
the recipe to the letter.
It's amazing!
You can give your
compliments to yours truly.
I had no idea
you could even cook!
Oh, yeah!
Back in our home forest,
I was a veggie cutting machine,
and nobody there could
slice and dice like me.
But sis was the worst cook
in the entire forest,
by a long shot.
I still have nightmares
about her food!
[SORA]
Runa. I quite like my cooking.
It all looks so delicious,
I don't know where to start.
Meat! Meat!
Give me all the meat!
Where's the fish?
Nobody better touch the fish!
Everyone knows, you can't
grow up big and strong
without a balanced diet!
Big and strong.
[RUNA]
You two are eating like animals!
I mean, I know you are but
save some for the rest of us!
[NINA]
Excuse me, Rein.
Um. I really want to thank you!
[GROUP]
Huh?
Because... I feel like
I'm not all alone anymore!
[REIN]
My home. My family. My town.
On the day
that I lost everything,
a large hole opened in my heart.
That's true for us, too.
But just when we were at
our lowest, we ran into you.
[KANADE]
We're in this together!
I wish I was
as lucky as all of you.
[TANIA]
What are you talking about?
Huh?
Tina! You're part
of the group now, too.
Oh, that's right. I am!
Eat up now.
You don't want the food
to get cold, do you?
[KANADE]
Oh, yeah! Almost forgot!
[REIN] Ever since then, I've
been trying to fill that hole.
When it didn't work
out with Arios's party.
I thought I was
destined to be alone.
[REIN]
But then, I met all of them.
Huh?
Rein?
Huh? What is it?
[KANADE]
Well, you're crying.
Ah. Oh, yeah.
I cry when I'm really hungry,
which is a normal
thing for humans!
Yeah, me too!
'Causs it's very sad
to be hungry.
So, why don't you have
some of my meat then?
It's delicious!
I have cooked a dish, too.
Would you like to try it?
Rein! You don't want
to try Sora's cooking!
Trust me!
Why don't we all eat now?
[TINA] Eat, eat! I can cook
some more if you'd like!
[REIN]
If you say so!
[ALL]
Let's dig in!
[REIN] This is the story
of a beast tamer
driven out of the hero's party
who happened upon
an ultimate species cat girl
and forged a set of bonds
he never thought possible.
[REIN] Well, it's the
prologue at least!